Find the Witch's Tower!; There's a witch's tower in the west. She's been causing havoc around the surrounding towns! The people want you to help.; You defeat the evil witch! The towns people are very happy and celebrate you with a statue!; The evil witch is sealed away. The people make give you many thanks; You're able to stop the witch a little, and the towns people grudgingly thank you.; When you come running back, everyone yells at you, and you're left in shame.  
Fetch the Magic Herring!; The magic herring keeps the town protected. But its disappeared! Use a special locator to discover where it's gone; The magic herring was retrieved perfectly. The town is peaceful an they celebrate your victory.; You save the village by bringing the magic herring back! They celebrate; The magic herring is injured, so the people are upset...; You've killed the magic herring you were supposed to protect!
Need of help fighting rebels; The town is in need of help fighting the rebels off to save the town;You help defeat the rebels and the town now celebrates you with a day about you!;You help the town seek shelter and hide from the rebels. The town is defeated but you helped save most of the town you are thanked!; The Town doesn't stand a chance you help a few villagers escape as the town falls; You were no help as you watched the town get demolished by the rebels;
Need help finding children; A Mother has lost her boy as he wondered off into the forest; You help find the boy and return him safely to his mother! The Mother can not thank you enough!; You find the boy but you guys get attacked by a pack of wolves. The Mother is just happy to have her boy back home, she thanks you!;You find the boy but only to find out the boy joined a pack of wolves. You do not return back with the boy.; You go on a journey to the end of the forest with no luck you do not find the boy.;
The Dragon is coming; a furious dragon has stumbled into town; You have helped kill the dragon and stopping it from setting the town on fire. The town praises you!; The dragon puts up a fight and turns half the town into ashes. The town is grateful to still have part of the town still alive. You are thanked for you courage!;The dragon is too big for the town to fight. You help the town seek shelter your bravery does not go unseen.; The town and people are brought down by the dragon you find yourself with no way to help;
